docs: Passkeys in the SDK references (#495)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/protocol-kit/reference/safe-factory.md

})
```

> #### Using passkeys
> 
> A Passkey can be used as a signer to create an instance of the Safe Factory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `signer` property

  A passkey object can be passed as a signer to initialize an instance of the Safe Factory.
```
